Full job description
Work on Spectrum software for Wafersense sensors, systems, fixtures and internal infrastructure projects.
Work on PSX API for 3D MRS sensors.
Develop the overall architecture for Spectrum, and the SDKs for controlling the various Wafersense sensors
Write unit tests and stress tests for validation of software performance.
Assist in testing software releases for other members of the team.
Document software designs and instructions for use.
Support and maintain software that is released to internal and external customers.
Participate in software process improvement team.
Stay up to date on latest software techniques and trends.
Nordson Corporation provides equal employment opportunity to all applicants and employees. No person is to be discriminated against in any aspect of the employment relationship due to race,
religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, citizenship status, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. All employment offers are contingent upon successful completion of our pre-employment drug 
screening and background/criminal check, consistent with applicable laws.Third party recruiters and agencies should not contact employees of Nordson or its subsidiaries directly. Any resumes sent to a hiring manager or submitted to Nordson employees are considered unsolicited and property of Nordson. Nordson will not pay a placement fee unless the agency or recruiter has a signed contract with Nordson’s Human Resources department in advance of submitting a candidate for consideration. Verbal and written approvals will not be considered a valid contract for service.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Full job description
Description:
ALULA is the leading professional security, IoT and smart home company. ALULA’s flexible solutions enable our partners to efficiently adapt to the needs of today’s modern home and business owners. We provide our customers with fully integrated solutions that encompass everything from hardware and embedded firmware to cloud software and mobile apps.


The Software Engineer position requires an experienced, reliable and results-oriented person who enjoys making new things and helping to make old things work better. This role will be a significant contributor to our platform through your coding, planning and collaboration skills. We have challenging problems to solve and love working with smart people who can help us solve them.

Essential Functions including but not limited to:

Write well designed, testable, efficient code that's easy to understand and well tested
Understand the needs of our business and help us find the best path to meet them while building great software
Assist with automating our manual tasks and have enough coverage to allow us to refactor the code as needed so we can be the most responsive team in the industry
Troubleshoot problems, diagnose the issues to help understand what went wrong
Work on a variety of projects with minimum supervision, perform effectively from sprint planning to DevOps
Provide support and participate in the Scrum process to ensure quality work plans for each sprint and into the future
Create a collaborative environment with other team members to ensure the team's overall effectiveness
Protects organization’s value by keeping information confidential
Perform special projects as directed by management
Other duties as assigned
Requirements:

Education, Work Experience and Skill Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science Engineering or related field or equivalent work experience
3+ years modern Angular experience
Experience with CI/CD, instrumentation
Experience consuming REST APIs
Understanding of Relational Databases, SQL (MySQL, MariaDB)
Git with Git Flow or similar branching strategies
Strong analytical and reasoning skills with an ability to visualize processes and outcomes
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Flexible and able to accommodate priorities and directions as they shift (as they sometimes do)
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
Come join a market leading company that is fun, humble and committed to their employees and partners. We have a collaborative team culture and we help make lives safer every day. You will have access to products to keep your home protected. We offer competitive compensation, great benefits, Flex Time Off instead of PTO and so much more.
